DecentraAds is a peer-to-peer fully decentralised digital ads auction marketplace that allows advertises and publishers to interact directly and bid for the best deal of delivering digital ads. Given the digital ads market are highly dominated by a few big players, DecentraAds is aiming at providing the most transparent and cost effective decentralised platform to serve the increasing digital ads demand in today’s market.
Our team plans to build this platform on Algorand blockchain due to the supreme technology and performance Algorand blockchain provides when comparing to other blockchain network. Our team has extensive amount of blockchain development experience on Ethereum network and have a deep understanding of Algorand smart contracts in PyTeal language which can further assist the success of DecentraAds project.
The digital ads market today are highly dominated by big technology player such as Google, Facebook worldwide, this gives other smaller players in the market with no space to compete and grow, and advertising cost are highly controlled by the monopolies which is essentially passed onto end customers. DecentraAds aims at resolving this problem for smaller players.
A high-level summary of DecentraAds solution:
-	A peer-to-peer marketplace for advertiser and publisher to register and participate.
-	The advertiser can create a job / task auction with their budget for publisher to bid (bid with lower cost).
-	The publisher can create a standard job / package with their asking price selling their service.
-	DecentraAds API solution that allows automation for job creation, crawling job inventory.
-	AI analytics of most popular package, design, publisher. Fully transparent to the platform user.
-	DecentraAds charges 5% fee for each transaction and supports Algo or DecentraAds token (Algorand Standard Asset) for payment. With the trustworthiness of smart contract, a “display first, pay later” option can be achieved by DecentraAds platform to allow advertiser to see the real impact of the ads before he makes the payment.
